Modernizing the docs (#648)
imageio/imageio: docs/getting_started/overview.rst

    an idea of how things work, and - hence - where things may go sideways. 
#.  If you do find a bug and decide to report it, this page helps us establish
    some joint vocabulary so that we can quickly get onto the same page, figure out
    what's broken, and how to fix it.

Terminology
-----------

You can think of ImageIO in three parts that work in sequence in order to load
an image.

ImageIO Core 
    The user-facing APIs (legacy + v3) and a plugin manager. You
    send requests to iio.core and it uses a set of plugins (see below) to figure out
    which backend (see below) to use to fulfill your request. It does so by directly
    sending the request to the plugin you specified or by (intelligently) searching
    all plugins if you didn't specify one explicitly.

Plugin
    A backend-facing adapter/wrapper that responds to a request from
    iio.core. It can convert a request that comes from iio.core into a sequence of
    instructions for the backend that fullfill the request (eg., read/write/iter). A
    plugin is also aware if its backend is or isn't installed and handles this case
    appropriately, e.g., it deactivates itself if the backend isn't present.

> Backend 

Reviewer: Idea: maybe we should call this "backend library" to make the distinction with plugin more clear.

Author: I like your thinking. Is it always a library? E.g., thinking of FFMPEG, we actually call an executable, but I guess this is wrapped into a library (imageio-ffmpeg / pyav / ...) and further this distinction may not be too important outside of plugin development.

That said, I'm happy to call it backend libraries or backend <something>.

Reviewer: > Is it always a library?

I guess it usually is. For the backends included in imageio it's technically a sub-package, but  ... close enough? I sometimes find myself slightly confused between `backend` and `plugin`, and I imagine it will be worse for people other than us. So anything to help reduce that confusion would help :)

Author: Yep, I agree. I don't see anything right now that breaks the abstraction of calling it a "library", so let's roll with it and see how it goes.

Author: done :)

    A (potentially 3d party) library that can read and/or write
    images or image-like objects (videos, etc.). Every backend is optional, so it is
    up to you to decide which backends to install depending on your needs. Examples
    for backends are pillow, tifffile, or ffmpeg.

ImageResource
    A blob of data that contains image data. Typically, this is a file on your
    drive that is read by ImageIO. However, other sources such as HTTP or file
    objects are possible, too. 

Issues
------

In this repo, we maintain ImageIO Core as well as all the plugins. If you find a

> bug or have a plroblem with either the core or any plugin, please open a new

Reviewer: typo, plus small tweak
```suggestion
bug or have a problem with either the core or any of the plugins, please open a new
```
